docs/dropdown.md, before:

# Dropdown widget

[The dropdown component](https://bulma.io/documentation/components/dropdown/) is a container for a dropdown button and
a dropdown menu.

<p align="center">
    <img src="images/dropdown.png">
</p>

HTML generated consists of:

- `dropdown` the main container.
- `dropdown-trigger` the container for a button.
- `dropdown-menu` the toggleable menu, hidden by default.
- `dropdown-content` the dropdown box, with a white background and a shadow.
- `dropdown-item` each single item of the dropdown, which can either be a a or a div.
- `dropdown-divider` a horizontal line to separate dropdown items.

## Usage

```php
/**
 * @var Yiisoft\Assets\AssetManager $assetManager
 * @var Yiisoft\View\WebView $this
 */

/* Register assets in view */

$assetManager->register([
    BulmaAsset::class,
    BulmaJsAsset::class
]);

$this->setCssFiles($assetManager->getCssFiles());
$this->setJsFiles($assetManager->getJsFiles());
?>

<?= Dropdown::widget()
    ->buttonLabel('Russian cities')
    ->items([
        ['label' => 'San petesburgo', 'url' => '#'],
        ['label' => 'Moscu', 'url' => '#'],
        ['label' => 'Novosibirsk', 'url' => '#'],
        '-',
        ['label' => 'Ekaterinburgo', 'url' => '#'],
    ])
    ->render();
?>
```

HTML produced is like the following:

```html
<div id="w1-dropdown" class="dropdown">
    <div class="dropdown-trigger">
        <button class="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-controls="dropdown-menu">
            <span>Russian cities</span>
            <span class="icon is-small">
                <i class="fas fa-angle-down" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
        </button>
    </div>
    <div class="dropdown-menu">
        <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">San petesburgo</a>
        <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Moscu</a>
        <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Novosibirsk</a>
        <div class="dropdown-divider"></div>
        <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Ekaterinburgo</a>
    </div>
</div>
```

Method                            | Description                                                 | Default 
----------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|-----------
`id(string $value)`               | Widget ID.                                                  | `''`
`buttonLabel(string $value)`      | Set label button dropdown.                                  | `''`
`buttonLabelOptions(array $value)`| The HTML attributes for the button dropdown.                | `[]`
`buttonOptions(array $value)`     | The HTML attributes for the widget button tag.              | `[]`
`dividerClass(string $value)`     | Divider CSS class.                                          | `dropdown-divider` 
`itemClass(string $value)`        | Item CSS class.                                             | `dropdown-item`
`itemsClass(string $value)`       | Item container CSS class.                                   | `dropdown-menu`
`itemsOptions(array $value)`      | HTML attributes for the widget items.                       | `[]`
`encodeLabels(bool $value)`       | Whether the labels for header items should be HTML-encoded. | `true`
`encloseByContainer(bool $value)` | If component HTML should be enclosed by container tag.      | `true`
`items(array $value)`             | List of menu items in the dropdown.                         | `[]`
`options(array $value)`           | HTML attributes for the widget container tag.               | `[]`
`triggerOptions(array $value)`    | HTML attributes for the widget container trigger.           | `[]`

Commit message:

Clean-up, refactoring, update changes in HTML default encoding
Co-authored-by: Alexander Makarov <sam@rmcreative.ru>

docs/dropdown.md, after:

# Dropdown widget

[The dropdown component](https://bulma.io/documentation/components/dropdown/) is a container for a dropdown button and
a dropdown menu.

<p align="center">
    <img src="images/dropdown.png">
</p>

HTML generated consists of:

- `dropdown` the main container.
- `dropdown-trigger` the container for a button.
- `dropdown-menu` the toggleable menu, hidden by default.
- `dropdown-content` the dropdown box, with a white background and a shadow.
- `dropdown-item` each single item of the dropdown, which can either be a a or a div.
- `dropdown-divider` a horizontal line to separate dropdown items.

## Usage

```php
/**
 * @var Yiisoft\Assets\AssetManager $assetManager
 * @var Yiisoft\View\WebView $this
 */

/* Register assets in view */

$assetManager->register([
    BulmaAsset::class,
    BulmaJsAsset::class
]);

$this->setCssFiles($assetManager->getCssFiles());
$this->setJsFiles($assetManager->getJsFiles());
?>

<?= Dropdown::widget()
    ->buttonLabel('Russian cities')
    ->items([
        ['label' => 'San petesburgo', 'url' => '#'],
        ['label' => 'Moscu', 'url' => '#'],
        ['label' => 'Novosibirsk', 'url' => '#'],
        '-',
        ['label' => 'Ekaterinburgo', 'url' => '#'],
    ])
    ->render();
?>
```

HTML produced is like the following:

```html
<div id="w1-dropdown" class="dropdown">
    <div class="dropdown-trigger">
        <button class="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-controls="dropdown-menu">
            <span>Russian cities</span>
            <span class="icon is-small">
                <i class="fas fa-angle-down" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
        </button>
    </div>
    <div class="dropdown-menu">
        <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">San petesburgo</a>
        <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Moscu</a>
        <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Novosibirsk</a>
        <div class="dropdown-divider"></div>
        <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Ekaterinburgo</a>
    </div>
</div>
```

Method | Description | Default
-------|-------------|---------
`id(string $value)` | Widget ID. | `''`
`buttonLabel(string $value)` | Set label button dropdown. | `''`
`buttonLabelOptions(array $value)`| The HTML attributes for the button dropdown. | `[]`
`buttonOptions(array $value)` | The HTML attributes for the widget button tag. | `[]`
`dividerClass(string $value)` | Divider CSS class. | `dropdown-divider` 
`itemClass(string $value)` | Item CSS class. | `dropdown-item`
`itemsClass(string $value)` | Item container CSS class. | `dropdown-menu`
`itemsOptions(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the widget items. | `[]`
`withoutEncodeLabels()` | Disable encoding for labels. | `false`
`withoutEncloseByContainer()` | Disable enclosed by container tag dropdown. | `false`
`items(array $value)` | List of menu items in the dropdown. | `[]`
`options(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the widget container tag. | `[]`
`triggerOptions(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the widget container trigger. | `[]`
`encodeLinks()` | Enable encoding for links. | `true`
