docs/message.md, before:

# Message widget

[The message component](https://bulma.io/documentation/components/message/) displays a message like the following:

<p align="center">
    <img src="images/message.png">
</p>

HTML generated consists of:

- A `message` container.
- An optional `message-header` that can hold a title, and a "delete" element.
- A `message-body` for the longer body of the message.

In order for the message to be close-able you can use the asset `BulmaJsAsset::class`, which registers
necessary JavaScript. Alternatively, you can use your own JavaScript code.

## Usage

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Message;
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaAsset;
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaJsAsset;

/* Register assets in view */

$assetManager->register([
    BulmaAsset::class,
    BulmaJsAsset::class,
]);

$this->setCssFiles($assetManager->getCssFiles());
$this->setJsFiles($assetManager->getJsFiles());
?>

<?= Message::widget()
    ->headerColor('is-success')
    ->headerMessage('Very important')
    ->body('<strong>Holy guacamole!</strong> You should check in on some of those fields below.')
    ->size('is-large')
    ->options(['class' => 'has-text-justified']) ?>
```

The code above generates the following HTML:

```html
<div id="w1-message" class="message is-success has-text-justified">
    <div class="message-header">
        <p>Very important</p>
        <button type="button" class="delete is-large"><span aria-hidden="true">&times;</span></button>
    </div>
    <div class="message-body">
        <strong>Holy guacamole!</strong> You should check in on some of those fields below.
    </div>
</div>
```

## Reference

Method                            | Description                                                                           |Default
----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------
`id(string $value)`               | Widget ID. | `''`
`body(string $value)`             | Message body. | `''`
`headerColor(string $value)`      | Message color. (`is-dark`, `is-primary`, `is-link`, `is-info`, `is-success`, `is-warning`, `is-danger`). | `is-dark`
`headerMessage(string $value)`    | Message header. | `''`
`options(array $value)`           | HTML attributes for the widget container tag. | `[]`
`optionsBody(array $value)`       | HTML attributes for the widget body tag. | `[]`
`optionsCloseButton(array $value)`| Options for rendering the close button tag. | `[]`
`optionsHeader(array $value)`     | HTML attributes for the widget header tag. | `[]`
`size(string $value)`             | Message widget size. Default is normal. Options available are: `is-small`, `is-medium`, `is-large`. | `normal`
`withoutCloseButton(bool $value)` | Allows you to disable close button. | `false`
`withoutHeader(bool $value)`      | Allows you to disable header. | `true`

Commit message:

Clean-up, refactoring, update changes html encode.

docs/message.md, after:

# Message widget

[The message component](https://bulma.io/documentation/components/message/) displays a message like the following:

<p align="center">
    <img src="images/message.png">
</p>

HTML generated consists of:

- A `message` container.
- An optional `message-header` that can hold a title, and a "delete" element.
- A `message-body` for the longer body of the message.

In order for the message to be close-able you can use the asset `BulmaJsAsset::class`, which registers
necessary JavaScript. Alternatively, you can use your own JavaScript code.

## Usage

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Message;
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaAsset;
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaJsAsset;

/* Register assets in view */

$assetManager->register([
    BulmaAsset::class,
    BulmaJsAsset::class,
]);

$this->setCssFiles($assetManager->getCssFiles());
$this->setJsFiles($assetManager->getJsFiles());
?>

<?= Message::widget()
    ->withHeaderColor('is-success')
    ->withHeaderMessage('Very important')
    ->withBody('<strong>Holy guacamole!</strong> You should check in on some of those fields below.')
    ->withSize('is-large')
    ->withOptions(['class' => 'has-text-justified']) ?>
```

The code above generates the following HTML:

```html
<div id="w1-message" class="message is-success has-text-justified">
    <div class="message-header">
        <p>Very important</p>
        <button type="button" class="delete is-large"><span aria-hidden="true">&times;</span></button>
    </div>
    <div class="message-body">
        <strong>Holy guacamole!</strong> You should check in on some of those fields below.
    </div>
</div>
```

## Reference

Method | Description | Default
-------|-------------|---------
`withId(string $value)` | Widget ID. | `''`
`withBody(string $value)` | Message body. | `''`
`withHeaderColor(string $value)` | Message color. (`is-dark`, `is-primary`, `is-link`, `is-info`, `is-success`, `is-warning`, `is-danger`). | `is-dark`
`withHeaderMessage(string $value)` | Message header. | `''`
`withOptions(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the widget container tag. | `[]`
`withOptionsBody(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the widget body tag. | `[]`
`withOptionsCloseButton(array $value)`| Options for rendering the close button tag. | `[]`
`withOptionsHeader(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the widget header tag. | `[]`
`withSize(string $value)` | Message widget size. Default is normal. Options available are: `is-small`, `is-medium`, `is-large`.  | `normal`
`withCloseButton()` | Allows you to enable close button. | `true`
`withoutHeader()` | Allows you to disable header. | `false`
`withEncodeTags()` | Allows you to enable the encoding tags html. | `true`
