docs/panel.md, before:

# Panel widget

A composable [panel](https://bulma.io/documentation/components/panel/), for compact controls

## Usage

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Panel;
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaAsset;
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaJsAsset;

/**
 * @var \Yiisoft\Assets\AssetManager $assetManager
 * @var \Yiisoft\View\WebView $this
 */

$assetManager->register([
    BulmaAsset::class,
    BulmaJsAsset::class,
]);

$this->setCssFiles($assetManager->getCssFiles());
$this->setJsFiles($assetManager->getJsFiles());

$template =<<<HTML
    {panelBegin}
    {panelHeading}
    {panelTabs}
    <div class="panel-block">
        <p class="control has-icons-left">
            <input class="input" type="text" placeholder="Search" />
            <span class="icon is-left">
                <i class="fas fa-search" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
        </p>
    </div>
    {panelItems}
    <div class="panel-block">
        <button class="button is-link is-outlined is-fullwidth">
            Reset all filters
        </button>
    </div>
    {panelEnd}
HTML;

echo Panel::widget()
    ->template($template)
    ->heading('Repositories')
    ->color(Panel::COLOR_PRIMARY)
    ->tabs([
        [
            'label' => 'All',
            'active' => true,
            'items' => [
                [
                    'label' => 'bulma',
                    'icon' => 'fas fa-book',
                ],
                [
                    'label' => 'marksheet',
                    'icon' => 'fas fa-book',
                ],
            ],
        ],
        ['label' => 'Public'],
        ['label' => 'Private'],
        ['label' => 'Sources'],
        ['label' => 'Forks'],
    ])
```

HTML produced is like the following:

```html
<article class="panel is-primary">
    <p class="panel-heading">Repositories</p>
    <p class="panel-tabs">
        <a class="is-active" href="#w1-panel-c0">All</a>
        <a>Public</a>
        <a>Private</a>
        <a>Sources</a>
        <a>Forks</a>
    </p>
    <div class="panel-block">
        <p class="control has-icons-left">
            <input class="input" type="text" placeholder="Search" />
            <span class="icon is-left">
                <i class="fas fa-search" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
        </p>
    </div>
    <div id="w1-panel-c0">
        <a class="panel-block is-active">
            <span class="panel-icon">
                <i class="fas fa-book" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
            bulma
        </a>
        <a class="panel-block">
            <span class="panel-icon">
                <i class="fas fa-book" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
            marksheet
        </a>
    </div>
    <div class="panel-block">
        <button class="button is-link is-outlined is-fullwidth">
            Reset all filters
        </button>
    </div>
</article>
```

## Reference

| Method                         | Description                                               | Default                                                       |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `options(array $value)`        | HTML attributes for the widget container tag.             | [`class` => `panel`]                                          |
| `headingOptions(array $value)` | HTML attributes of the heading.                           | [`class` => `panel-heading`]                                  |
| `heading(?string $value)`      | Text of the brand heading.                                | `''`                                                          |
| `color(string $value)`         | Color panel.                                              | `''`                                                          |
| `tabs(array $value)`           | List of panel tabs items.                                 | `[]`                                                          |
| `tabsOptions(array $value)`    | HTML attributes for the tabs container tag.               | `[]`                                                          |
| `encodeLabels(bool $value)`    | Whether the labels for tabs items should be HTML-encoded. | `true`                                                        |
| `template(string $value)`      | String the template for rendering panel.                  | `{panelBegin}{panelHeading}{panelTabs}{panelItems}{panelEnd}` |

Commit message:

Clean-up, refactoring, update changes html encode.

docs/panel.md, after:

# Panel widget

A composable [panel](https://bulma.io/documentation/components/panel/), for compact controls

## Usage

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Panel;
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaAsset;
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaJsAsset;

/**
 * @var \Yiisoft\Assets\AssetManager $assetManager
 * @var \Yiisoft\View\WebView $this
 */

$assetManager->register([
    BulmaAsset::class,
    BulmaJsAsset::class,
]);

$this->setCssFiles($assetManager->getCssFiles());
$this->setJsFiles($assetManager->getJsFiles());

$template =<<<HTML
    {panelBegin}
    {panelHeading}
    {panelTabs}
    <div class="panel-block">
        <p class="control has-icons-left">
            <input class="input" type="text" placeholder="Search" />
            <span class="icon is-left">
                <i class="fas fa-search" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
        </p>
    </div>
    {panelItems}
    <div class="panel-block">
        <button class="button is-link is-outlined is-fullwidth">
            Reset all filters
        </button>
    </div>
    {panelEnd}
HTML;

echo Panel::widget()
    ->withTemplate($template)
    ->withHeading('Repositories')
    ->withColor(Panel::COLOR_PRIMARY)
    ->withTabs([
        [
            'label' => 'All',
            'active' => true,
            'items' => [
                [
                    'label' => 'bulma',
                    'icon' => 'fas fa-book',
                ],
                [
                    'label' => 'marksheet',
                    'icon' => 'fas fa-book',
                ],
            ],
        ],
        ['label' => 'Public'],
        ['label' => 'Private'],
        ['label' => 'Sources'],
        ['label' => 'Forks'],
    ])
```

HTML produced is like the following:

```html
<article class="panel is-primary">
    <p class="panel-heading">Repositories</p>
    <p class="panel-tabs">
        <a class="is-active" href="#w1-panel-c0">All</a>
        <a>Public</a>
        <a>Private</a>
        <a>Sources</a>
        <a>Forks</a>
    </p>
    <div class="panel-block">
        <p class="control has-icons-left">
            <input class="input" type="text" placeholder="Search" />
            <span class="icon is-left">
                <i class="fas fa-search" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
        </p>
    </div>
    <div id="w1-panel-c0">
        <a class="panel-block is-active">
            <span class="panel-icon">
                <i class="fas fa-book" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
            bulma
        </a>
        <a class="panel-block">
            <span class="panel-icon">
                <i class="fas fa-book" aria-hidden="true"></i>
            </span>
            marksheet
        </a>
    </div>
    <div class="panel-block">
        <button class="button is-link is-outlined is-fullwidth">
            Reset all filters
        </button>
    </div>
</article>
```

## Reference

Method | Description | Default
-------|-------------|---------
 `withOptions(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the widget container tag. | [`class` => `panel`]
 `withHeadingOptions(array $value)` | HTML attributes of the heading. | [`class` => `panel-heading`]
 `withHeading(string $value)` | Text of the brand heading. | `''`
 `withColor(string $value)` | Color panel. | `is-primary`, `is-link`, `is-info`, `is-success`, `is-warning`, `is-danger`
 `withTabs(array $value)` | List of panel tabs items. | `[]`
 `withTabsOptions(array $value)` | HTML attributes for the tabs container tag. | `[]`
 `withouEncodeLabels()` | When tags Labels HTML should not be encoded. | `false`
 `withTemplate(string $value)` | String the template for rendering panel. | `{panelBegin}{panelHeading}{panelTabs}{panelItems}{panelEnd}`
`withEncodeTags()` | Allows you to enable the encoding tags html. | `true`
